Managed Pool Docs: Add/Remove Tokens (#123)
balancer-labs/docs: docs/concepts/pools/managed.md

) = _managedPool.getGradualWeightUpdateParams();
```

## Adding and Removing Tokens

> Pool `owner`s can edit the basket of assets in a Managed Pool by adding and removing tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pool `owner`s can modify the constituent assets of Managed Pool by adding and removing tokens. 
```

### Adding Tokens

> `addToken` adds a token to the Pool's list of tradeable assets. When adding a token to a Managed Pool, the weights of all other tokens in the pool will decrease. Once the new token is added, it will have an initial balance of 0. Because regular join operations do not work with tokens whose balances are 0, it is the `owner`s responsibility to deposit an initial amount of tokens into the pool via an `assetManager`. The `assetManager` is set by the `owner` when adding a token to the pool. Token additions are forbidden during weight changes or when a weight change is scheduled in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`addToken` adds a token to the Pool's list of swappable assets. When adding a token to a Managed Pool, the weights of other tokens in the pool will decrease proportionally unless any are already at the minimum weight. Once the new token is added, it will have an initial balance of 0. Because regular join operations do not work with tokens whose balances are 0, it is the `owner`s responsibility to deposit an initial amount of tokens into the pool via an `assetManager`. The `assetManager` for the new token is set by the `owner` when adding it to the pool. Token additions are forbidden during weight changes or when a weight change is scheduled in the future.
```

### Removing Tokens

> `removeToken` removes a token from the Pool's list of tradeable assets. When removing a token from a Managed Pool, the weights of all other tokens in the pool will increase. `owner`s can remove a token from the pool as long as there are three or more tokens currently in the pool. This is because Managed Pools must have at least two tokens, excluding BPT. Similar to the rules for adding tokens, token removals are also forbidden during weight changes or when a weight change is scheduled in the future. Before calling `removeToken`, the `assetManager` must have withdrawn the entire balance of the token being removed from the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`removeToken` removes a token from the Pool's list of swappable assets. When removing a token from a Managed Pool, the weights of all other tokens in the pool will increase. Because pools must have at least two tokens (excluding their own BPT) `owner`s can remove a token from the pool as long as there are three or more tokens currently in the pool. Similar to the rules for adding tokens, token removals are also forbidden during weight changes or when a weight change is scheduled in the future. Before calling `removeToken`, the `assetManager` must have withdrawn the entire balance of the token being removed from the pool.
```

### Examples

> [ManagedPoolAddRemoveTokenLib.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolAddRemoveTokenLib.sol) provides the necessary logic for adding and removing tokens from a Managed Pool. [AssetManagers.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/vault/contracts/AssetManagers.sol) provides the necessary logic for depositing and withdrawing tokens from a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how an `owner` can add and remove tokens from a Managed Pool. As well as how an `assetManager` can deposit and withdraw tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ManagedPoolAddRemoveTokenLib.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-weighted/contracts/managed/ManagedPoolAddRemoveTokenLib.sol) provides the necessary logic for adding and removing tokens from a Managed Pool. [AssetManagers.sol](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/vault/contracts/AssetManagers.sol) provides the necessary logic for depositing and withdrawing tokens from a Managed Pool. Below are a few basic examples of how an `owner` can add and remove tokens from a Managed Pool, as well as how an `assetManager` can deposit and withdraw tokens.
```

```solidity
// Variable declarations
IERC20 token = IERC20(0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2); // WETH
address assetManager = 0x123456789....; 
uint256 tokensNormalizedWeight = 10e16; // 10% normalized weight
uint256 mintAmount = 100e18;
uint256 depositAmount = 100e18;
uint256 burnAmount = 100e18;
```
```solidity
/* Add token to the pool */
_managedPool.addToken(
  token,
  assetManager,
  tokensNormalizedWeight,
  mintAmount,
  msg.sender
);

// Approve the vault to spend the token
token.approve(address(vault), depositAmount);

// Deposit token via the assetManager

> Ivault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new Ivault.PoolBalanceOp[](1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IVault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new IVault.PoolBalanceOp[](1);
```

> ops[0] = Ivault.PoolBalanceOp({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ops[0] = IVault.PoolBalanceOp({
```

>   kind: Ivault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Deposit,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kind: IVault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Deposit,
```

  token: token,
  amount: depositAmount
});
vault.managePoolBalance(ops);
```
```solidity
/* Remove token from the pool */
// Get current balance of token in the pool
(uint256 balance, , , ) = vault.getPoolTokenInfo(poolId, token);

// Withdraw token via the assetManager

> Ivault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new Ivault.PoolBalanceOp[](1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IVault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new IVault.PoolBalanceOp[](1);
```

> ops[0] = Ivault.PoolBalanceOp({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ops[0] = IVault.PoolBalanceOp({
```

>   kind: Ivault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Withdraw,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kind: IVault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Withdraw,
```

  token: token,
  amount: balance
});

> vault.managePoolBalance(ops);

Reviewer: I actually think this won't work (yet). `Withdraw` will move all of the `cash` balance to `managed` balance so the pool will still think that it has a balance. You still need to do an `Update` operation to tell the Vault that you've taken everything out. I think you need to do something like the following:

```
(uint256 cash, uint256 managed, , ) = vault.getPoolTokenInfo(poolId, token);
uint256 total = cash + managed;
IVault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new IVault.PoolBalanceOp[](2);
ops[0] = IVault.PoolBalanceOp({
  kind: IVault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Withdraw,
  token: token,
  amount: balance
});
ops[1] = IVault.PoolBalanceOp({
  kind: IVault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Update,
  token: token,
  amount: total
});
vault.managePoolBalance(ops);
```

IERC20 token = IERC20(0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2); // WETH
address assetManager = 0x123456789....; 
uint256 tokensNormalizedWeight = 10e16; // 10% normalized weight
uint256 mintAmount = 100e18;
uint256 depositAmount = 100e18;
uint256 burnAmount = 100e18;
```
```solidity
/* Add token to the pool */
_managedPool.addToken(
  token,
  assetManager,
  tokensNormalizedWeight,
  mintAmount,
  msg.sender
);

// Approve the vault to spend the token
token.approve(address(vault), depositAmount);

// Deposit token via the assetManager
IVault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new IVault.PoolBalanceOp[](1);
ops[0] = IVault.PoolBalanceOp({
  kind: IVault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Deposit,
  token: token,
  amount: depositAmount
});
vault.managePoolBalance(ops);
```
```solidity
/* Remove token from the pool */
// Get current balance of token in the pool
(uint256 cash, uint256 managed, , ) = vault.getPoolTokenInfo(poolId, token);
uint256 total = cash + managed;

// Withdraw token and update balances via the assetManager
IVault.PoolBalanceOp[] memory ops = new IVault.PoolBalanceOp[](2);
ops[0] = IVault.PoolBalanceOp({
  kind: IVault.PoolBalanceOpKind.Withdraw,
  token: token,

>   amount: balance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  amount: cash
```
